Fix grammar errors in documentation (#5105)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/utilities.adoc

=== Checking Signatures On-Chain

> At a high level, signatures are a set of cryptographic algorithms that allow for a _signer_ to prove they are the owner of a _private key_ used to authorize a piece of information (generally a transaction or `UserOperation`). Natively, the EVM supports the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm[ECDSA]) using the secp256k1 curve, however, other signature algorithms such as P256 and RSA are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, signatures are a set of cryptographic algorithms that allow for a _signer_ to prove they have access to the _private key_ used to authorize a piece of information (generally a transaction or `UserOperation`). Natively, the EVM supports the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm[ECDSA]) using the secp256k1 curve, however, other signature algorithms such as P256 and RSA are supported.
```

==== Ethereum Signatures (secp256k1)

> xref:api:utils.adoc#ECDSA[`ECDSA`] provides functions for recovering and managing Ethereum account ECDSA signatures. These are often generated through the https://docs.ethers.org/v6/api/providers/#Signer-signMessage[`signMessage`] function in the ethers library (https://viem.sh/docs/accounts/custom#signmessage[available for viem users] as well), and are a 65 byte array (of type `bytes` in Solidity) arranged the following way: `[[v (1)], [r (32)], [s (32)]]`.

Reviewer 2: Just realized this is a better reference for Viem

```suggestion
xref:api:utils.adoc#ECDSA[`ECDSA`] provides functions for recovering and managing Ethereum account ECDSA signatures. These are often generated through the https://docs.ethers.org/v6/api/providers/#Signer-signMessage[`signMessage`] function in the ethers library (https://viem.sh/docs/actions/wallet/signMessage#usage[available for viem users] as well), and are a 65 byte array (of type `bytes` in Solidity) arranged the following way: `[[v (1)], [r (32)], [s (32)]]`.
```

P256, also known as secp256r1, is one of the most used signature schemes. P256 signatures are standardized by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and it's widely available in consumer hardware and software.

> These signatures are different to regular Ethereum Signatures (secp256k1) in that they use different elliptic curve to perform operations but have similar security guarantees.

Reviewer: I think "use a different elliptic curve" is correct here. You would drop the `a` if it was multiple curves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These signatures are different to regular Ethereum Signatures (secp256k1) in that they use different elliptic curves to perform operations but have similar security guarantees.
```

=== Packing

The storage in the EVM is shaped in chunks of 32 bytes, each of these chunks is known as _slot_, and can hold multiple values together as long as these values don't exceed their size. These properties of the storage allow for a technique known as _packing_, that consists of placing values together on a single storage slot to reduce the costs associated to reading and writing to multiple slots instead of just one.

> Commonly, developers pack values using structs that place values together so they fit better in storage. However, this approach requires loading such a struct from either calldata or memory. Although sometimes necessary, it may be useful to pack values in a single slot and treat it as a packed value without involving calldata or memory.

Reviewer: Lets discuss the content here. Packing is done in storage. Memory and Calldata do not pack values.

What does it mean that packing "requires loading such a struct from either calldata or memory" ?

When you do packing, that is reading/writting to storage. This is a storage <> stack thing (sstore/sload). The packing is prepared on the stack.
